source/components/longClickButton/longClickButton.md, before:

# Long click button
Extends [button async](../buttonAsync/buttonAsync.md) with `hold to click` behavior. Text must be specified via a binding so it can be optionally replaced with a warning when the user clicks without holding.

### Usage
```
<rl-long-click-button action="" text="" on-short-click-text="" icon="" size="" type="" ng-disabled="" right-aligned="" busy=""></rl-long-click-button>
```
### Options

#### `text`

The specified test will be shown as the primary content of the button.

#### `on-short-click-text`

This text will be shown as a warning to the user if they click the button without holding it for long enough.

#### `icon`

If specified, the icon is shown to the left of the button text.

`action`, `busy`.

See [buttonAsync](../buttonAsync/buttonAsync.md) for detail on the button async options.

`right-aligned`, `size`, `type`, and `ng-disabled`.

See [buttons](../button/buttons.md) for detail on the base options.

### Full Example
A long click button with **action**, **text**, **icon**, **on-short-click-text**, **size**, **type**, **right-align** and **busy**.
```
<rl-long-click-button action="button.click()" text="Some text" icon="remove" on-short-click-text="Warning" size="lg" type="danger" ng-disabled="false" right-aligned="true" busy="true"></rl-long-click-button>
```
Output:
```
<button type="button" class="btn btn-lg btn-danger" ng-mousedown="// starts timer" ng-mouseup="// cancels timer" disabled>
	<rl-busy loading="true"></rl-busy>
	<i class="fa fa-remove"></i> Some text
</button>
```
Output (on short click):
```
<button type="button" class="btn btn-lg btn-danger" ng-mousedown="// starts timer" ng-mouseup="// cancels timer" disabled>
	<rl-busy loading="true"></rl-busy>
	<i class="fa fa-remove"></i> Warning
</button>
```

Commit message:

Allow for transcluded content inside of long click buttons. The main reason why we couldn't do this before was because we wanted to show a warning if the user clicked but didnt' hold. We can do so now by notifying using the notification service. This allows us to transclude in the content, but we can still support the text property for existing usages.

source/components/longClickButton/longClickButton.md, after:

# Long click button
Extends [button async](../buttonAsync/buttonAsync.md) with `hold to click` behavior. Text must be specified via a binding so it can be optionally replaced with a warning when the user clicks without holding.

### Usage
```
<rl-long-click-button action="" warning="" size="" type="" ng-disabled="" right-aligned="" busy=""> ... </rl-long-click-button>
```
### Options

#### `warning`

The specified warning will be notified to the user if they click the button without holding it for long enough.

`action`, `busy`.

See [buttonAsync](../buttonAsync/buttonAsync.md) for detail on the button async options.

`right-aligned`, `size`, `type`, and `ng-disabled`.

See [buttons](../button/buttons.md) for detail on the base options.

### Full Example
A long click button with **action**, **size**, **type**, **right-align** and **busy**.
```
<rl-long-click-button action="button.click()" size="lg" type="danger" ng-disabled="false" right-aligned="true" busy="true"></rl-long-click-button>
```
Output:
```
<button type="button" class="btn btn-lg btn-danger" ng-mousedown="// starts timer" ng-mouseup="// cancels timer" disabled>
	<rl-busy loading="true"></rl-busy>
	...
</button>
```

### Deprecated options

Use transcluded content instead of `text` and `icon`. `on-short-click-text` is replaced by `warning`.

#### `text`

The specified test will be shown as the primary content of the button.

#### `on-short-click-text`

This text will be shown as a warning to the user if they click the button without holding it for long enough.

#### `icon`

If specified, the icon is shown to the left of the button text.
