source/components/dateTime/dateTime.md, before:

# DateTime
This component extends the base [input](../input/input.md) with datetime-specific behavior.

### Usage
```
<rl-date-time max="" min="" use-date="" use-time="" minute-stepping="" clear-button="" on-clear-event="" ng-model="" validator="" label="" name=""> ... </rl-date-time>
```
### Options

#### `max`

Restricts the value of the date picker to a maximum of the specified value.

#### `min`

Restricts the value of the date picker to a minimum of the specified value.

#### `use-date (default: true)`

If set to false, will hide the date portion of the date picker. (Only shows a time spinner)

#### `use-time (default: true)`

If set to false, will hide the time portion of the date picker.

#### `minute-stepping`

Sets the amount incremented by in the minutes spinner.

#### `clear-button (default: false)`

If set to true, shows a button for clearing the date-time value.

#### `on-clear-event`

This expression will be triggered whenever the clear button is clicked, if clear is enabled.

### Full example
A date picker with **clear-button**.
```
<rl-date-time clear-button="true" ng-model="test.dateTime"></rl-date-time>
```
Output:
```
<input type="text" class="form-control" ng-model="test.dateTime">
<span class="input-group-btn">
	<button class="btn btn-default"><i class="fa fa-calendar"></i></button>
</span>
<span class="datepicker-clear">
	<button type="button" class="btn btn-default"><i class="fa fa-times"></i></button>
</span>
```

Commit message:

List the base input options. It's nice to be able to see what they are, even if we have to go to the base docs to see detail on them.

source/components/dateTime/dateTime.md, after:

# DateTime
This component extends the base [input](../input/input.md) with datetime-specific behavior.

### Usage
```
<rl-date-time max="" min="" use-date="" use-time="" minute-stepping="" clear-button="" on-clear-event="" ng-model="" validator="" label="" name=""> ... </rl-date-time>
```
### Options

#### `max`

Restricts the value of the date picker to a maximum of the specified value.

#### `min`

Restricts the value of the date picker to a minimum of the specified value.

#### `use-date (default: true)`

If set to false, will hide the date portion of the date picker. (Only shows a time spinner)

#### `use-time (default: true)`

If set to false, will hide the time portion of the date picker.

#### `minute-stepping`

Sets the amount incremented by in the minutes spinner.

#### `clear-button (default: false)`

If set to true, shows a button for clearing the date-time value.

#### `on-clear-event`

This expression will be triggered whenever the clear button is clicked, if clear is enabled.

`ng-model`, `validator`, `validators`, `label`, `name`.

See [input](../input/input.md) for detail on the base options.

### Full example
A date picker with **clear-button**.
```
<rl-date-time clear-button="true" ng-model="test.dateTime"></rl-date-time>
```
Output:
```
<input type="text" class="form-control" ng-model="test.dateTime">
<span class="input-group-btn">
	<button class="btn btn-default"><i class="fa fa-calendar"></i></button>
</span>
<span class="datepicker-clear">
	<button type="button" class="btn btn-default"><i class="fa fa-times"></i></button>
</span>
```
